OBJECTIVE: Create a simple registration form using your preferred language or framework. The goal is to address at least 3 of the deadly sins.

SINS:

1.) using magic inputs to authenticate

2.) modifiable cookies/sessions that are context independent

3.) not using using httponly and secure

4.) taking the whole context of your query 

5.) hard coding your query / not modularizing code

6.) not validating datatypes / user inputs


							I chose to address [2, 3, and 6]:

For 2 and 3, I was able to address that via line 2 - 4 in ProjectDBFile.php
By setting cookies to be both HttpOnly and Secure, I was able to make sure that
I resolved sin 2 and 3 at the same time, since with HTTPOnly and secure, I'm also
able to make sure that the cookies are unmodifiable and more secure against scripting.
Although I was able to secure the cookie that way, I was not able to make it context dependent.
The "PHPSESSID" Cookie now has both attributes ticked.

For 6, I was able to resolve this sin by making sure that the data the website receives
from the form was filtered and validated, to make sure the form doesn't fall victim to
attacks such as SQL Injections. 

My choice of filtering the data was preparatory/parameterized statements which you can
see from line 27 - 58. This makes sure that the SQL statements are prepared and that will
be the only SQL statements read, completely seperating the STATEMENT from the DATA which
will be received.

I tried the "' OR '1'='1 " query with stmt and without stmt. The one without returned all the 
rows of my database, whereas the one with only returned what was asked.

							I wasn't able to address: [1, 4, 5]

1.) Because so far, whenever I made simple registration forms, I have never used hidden forms,
    so I can't make an example out of it in this. But I have used hidden forms to get and validate
    data in other modules such as in an inventory system login and other parts of it, which I now know
    I shouldn't have done because it can just be seen via inspect element.

4.) This was via the local storage if I remember correctly. Up until now, I never knew about local storate
    and don't know how to manipulate it, and how to use it in tandem with a registration form.

5.) I've hard coded everything I made so far in my life in this course, This is the first time I've heard
    about this, and personally I think this one is the most interesting yet also the hardest to apply for me.
